High in this video we're going to take a look at a very simple application but very useful one for name
topples and this is when we return multiple values from a function as you know we can do that by just
returning a plane.
So let's go ahead and do that.
So let's go ahead and I'm going to want to import from random.
I want to import Rand.
I want to generate basically a random color which is going to have red green blue and Alpha components
to them.
So from random I'm going import Rande in so I can generate a random integer between two bounds.
And I'm also going to impled random that I'm going to use to generate a random float between 0 and 1.
That's going to be for the all the channel and then also I'm going to right away because we will use
its impled named topple.
So frost Let's go ahead and define this function.
So let's call it random color.
And it's pretty simple.
Our bread is going to be a random integer between 0 and 255 and then green and blue.
I'm just going to copy the page and paste the code loop on green and then we also want the Alfar which
is going to be round between 0 and 1.
Sorry wrong.
It's going to be random which is going to give us a number between 0 and 1.
And then I'm going to run that off just two digits.
And then finally I'm going to return the top so I'm going to pack red green blue and Alpha and return
that.
And now of course we can say no color equals random color.
OK we can see what color is.
It's that top hole and we can say you know red green blue Alfar we can unpack it this way equals color.
And now we have you know that red is 2:39 Alfas 0.5 and so on.
So now I want to show you the code in pie chart which is my Python editor and I will show you how this
is dealt with inside Python.
So we create a new file.
Let's call it colour's dopy y.
And here.
I'm going to import wealth from random I'm going to import Rand int and random OK and I might as well
imports.
Well I don't do that now so I won't.
I'll import name trouble just now.
OK and I've got my random code.
Now I'm going to create another file.
And let's say this is my color.
And agood color user and what I'm going to do.
I'm going to say from Colors import random color code.
So there's my and random color that are important.
And now I can say color equals random color K and of course I can unpack it and if I look at color and
look at the dots well it doesn't tell me much either what you know other than it has an index of count
things like that.
Well yeah because color was a table so it has those things over here so I don't get much help basically
from the auto completion in the editor because I have a bare top all being returned.
It doesn't know anything other than the fact that it's a top.
So now let's switch back to the Jupiter notebook and let's implement something not using a name.
Is a Their top.
OK so we're back in here and what we need to do here first is we need to create a name table.
So let's go ahead and create one I'm going to call it colored.
So that's going to be a name tough old.
I'm going to at least assign it to the label color but the name of the class is going to be color and
it's going to have red green blue and Alpha as the fields.
Now in order to use that name top all all I have to do is just modify slightly my code over here and
say I'm returning a color named topple OK.
So now I can say that all colors equals random I can type color.
OK.
And of course color is a name.
And you can see we have red green blue and Alpha properties.
In fact we can say colored dark red K or color dot Alpha.
Right.
So we have all that.
So that's great.
That really helps clarify things a little bit but where it really helps is in an editor like Python
and many other Python editors will do the same thing because pide charm is able to basically inspect
this object and it will be able to tell me what all the fields available on that object.
I don't have to go look it up somewhere I'll refer back to the documentation you know or call help on
color of code colored up fields you know to see OK what other fields because I don't remember what they
were called ok PI Chaum does that it's able to basically figure that out.
So let me show you.
OK.
So here we are back in pajamas I'm going to go back to my colors and now I'm going to say from collections
import name topple and now I'm going to create my name top.
So here's my name top all classes color and the fields are red green blue and Alpha.
OK.
And then here all I have to do is create a name topple out of this
Now let me go to color using and I've just called the same thing I've imported random color.
So that's all I imported.
I did not import the name topple itself.
I just imported the random called a function.
Now look at my auto completion would I press the duct.
Here's what happens.
I get my read my alpha my blue my green all my fields are there.
So it makes life a lot easier because I don't have to think and remember what are the field names in
this particular named Toppo.
So very very handy to do.
All right.
That's it.
That's a very simple example but a very powerful example of using named topples in Python.
Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.